Turn your face to the sun and the shadows fall behind you.
When I was born I was so surprised I didn’t talk for a year and a half.
Beer will get you through times of no money better than money will get you through times of no beer.
Being able to break security doesn’t make you a hacker anymore than being able to hotwire cars makes you an automotive engineer.
If you think technology can solve your security problems, then you don’t understand the problems and you don’t understand the technology.
Hoaxes use weaknesses in human behavior to ensure they are distributed. In other words, hoaxes prey on the Human Operating System.
The only truly secure system is one that is powered off, cast in a block of concrete and sealed in a lead-lined room with armed guards.
Passwords are like underwear: you don’t let people see it, you should change it very often, and you shouldn’t share it with strangers.
If you spend more on coffee than on IT security, you will be hacked. What’s more, you deserve to be hacked.
One person’s “paranoia” is another person’s “engineering redundancy".
My message for companies that think they haven’t been attacked is: “You’re not looking hard enough”.
I’ve had bad luck with both my wives. The first one left me and the second one didn’t.
When you destroy the old, a new era begins.
By working faithfully eight hours a day, you may eventually get to be a boss and work twelve hours a day.
Half the money I spend on advertising is wasted; the trouble is I don’t know which half.
News is what somebody somewhere wants to suppress; all the rest is advertising.
I’m willing to admit that I may not always be right, but I am never wrong.
Aim for the sky and you’ll reach the ceiling. Aim for the ceiling and you’ll stay on the floor.
Me having no education, I had to use my brains.
The best way to appreciate your job is to imagine yourself without one.
I like to have a martini, two at the very most. After three I’m under the table, after four I’m under my host.
Keep your face to the sunshine and you cannot see the shadow. It’s what sunflowers do.
Don’t worry about the world coming to an end today. It’s already tomorrow in Australia.
Money enables us to get what we want instead of what other people think we want.
Money doesn’t make you happy. I now have 50 million but I was just as happy when I had 48 million.
The weak can never forgive. Forgiveness is the attribute of the strong.
The gent who wakes up and finds himself a success hasn’t been asleep.
First learn the meaning of what you say, and then speak.
I try not to snack at night, but the cheese in my fridge haunts me. What if I die in my sleep and NO ONE EATS IT?
Cop burst through every window of my house as I perform the illegal Google search 'teen age mutant ninja turtles with no Shells on'
I think Jesus came up with that whole virgin birth story. No one wants to picture their parents doing it.
My favorite part of riding an elevator is staring at my phone while avoiding eye contact with the person I just tried to close the doors on.
Ah, yes, Halloween. The perfect night for me, a man who gets spooked when the commercials are louder than the show. Fantastic.
A fun thing to do when someone enters the elevator is to calmly say to them "I was murdered in this very elevator exactly one year ago"
People say you have to study Shakespeare in school, but Shakespeare never studied Shakespeare and look at him. He became Shakespeare.
Halloween combines my 3 least favorite things: Answering the door, giving away food and children.
I talk a lot of shit for someone who has to let out a Karate yell in order to stand up from tying their shoes.
Not trying to brag but my son’s teacher wants his artwork to be looked at by a psychologist
If Michael Jackson wasn't buried in his Thriller outfit, who will teach the zombies to dance in the upcoming apocalypse.
why would someone leave a hollowed out pumpkin on their front porch if they didnt want me living in it
Waitress says "Say when" when grating my cheese. I never say when. The room fills with parmesan. There are no survivors.
Apparently you can’t have a normal conversation with someone these days if you haven’t seen ‘game of thrones’ or ‘stranger things’
If you're feeling a little too good about yourself let your child take a pic of you laying on the couch. Tada! You are now Jaba the Hut.
I don't understand how people in the Walking Dead are living in the zombie apocalypse and they still look more well rested than I do
[me at the end of any horror movie] How do they explain all of this to the authorities?
A fun part of marriage is arguing over who deserves to use the charger in the car. PROVE IT, SHOW ME YOUR PERCENTAGE
No Grandma, a friend with benefits is not someone who lends you a cup of sugar.
St Peter reviewing my browser history before I enter Heaven: I see you've had a hard time cooking chicken. All of that's behind you my child
Saw my wife watching the Food Network while I was making dinner, so I was like, "You can just watch me in the kitchen, no commercials!"
they say the average adult has sex 54 times a year. November and December are apparently going to be awesome






















